Japan is headed again they are printing
and printing and printing you came here
for the truth
so let me unveil that for you today we
are going to talk about Japan
exclusively because I want to show you
something I believe is so telling let's
begin this is Japan's ETF holdings and
doesn't surprise me that these continue
to increase the percentage of the ETFs
that are owned by the Bank of Japan is
now at 75% 75% we are talking about
extreme levels nobody else buys this
garbage it's just the Bank of Japan and
it's not just the ETF's turbine they're
buying all the debt they're buying the
stocks they're buy everything
nobody invests in Japan yet I have
people in the industry and people
outside the industry too are telling me
that Japan is the model of success I've
been told this on multiple occasions
that they are the reason that we know
quantitative easing works Bank of Japan
is not a failure Bank of Japan is a
success
why haven't they collapsed yet if
quantitative easing is so bad that's
what I'm told if you don't think that
this is a collapse then we have a
different opinion on what that means
clearly the total Japan ETF Holdings and
the Bank of Japan ETF holdings lo and
behold same direction up and up and up
and then we look at this this is the
Bank of Japan's balance sheet and guess
what that's up to
the amount let's see what it is the
amount that they have in their balance
sheet is at approximately or actually
it's 511 trillion yen it continues to go
higher it will continuously exceed those
numbers other than brief periods I don't
know how they're ever going to get
themselves out of this mess I believe
that a real deflation is already
occurring inside of Japan but other
countries around the world will face a
real deflation as a result the central
banks will kick in to a level not seen
before and they will encounter the same
thing that other countries like Zimbabwe
once did Zimbabwe has their one hundred
trillion dollar note and this is the
perfect model of success because the
higher the number the better the return
or is it the more success or is it the
more awesome it is what what is it
because I've been told a lot of things I
don't believe a single one of them but
that's the way it looks a lot of people
are confused thinking bigger numbers
means better but you can ask those in
Zimbabwe you can ask those in Weimar
Germany you can ask those in Yugoslavia
in Venezuela present they ask them what
they think about new zeros being added
to their bills about their menus being
printed out on pieces of paper because
they know that at the end of the day
those prices are now invalid then when
you go to the stores nothing is priced
on the shelves because it would take too
much time to change them throughout the
day as the inflation continues to pick
up but people don't know about that
because they never lived through a
hyperinflation before maybe they're
privileged maybe they're ignorant I
don't know maybe they don't even want to
talk to people who have lived through
hyperinflation or her living through one
today I have talked to many people from
different countries around the world who
are experiencing these high rates of
inflation and how it affects their lives
what they have to do
to live a normal life and they can't
really get along and they tell me and
this is various regions they tell me
that life is very difficult the average
person cannot sustain their lives and so
they eat into their debt they borrow
money they sell things they don't eat
they have to do what it takes
it's very serious what people don't
think about that they don't think about
this here in Zimbabwe same situation
where you have many people encountering
this in that lifetime it's not just back
in the pages of history this continues
to occur look at Venezuela it's
happening today with a wheelbarrow
filled to the sky of money and it's
worth absolutely nothing if we allow the
central bankers to continue their
policies then we will be met with the
same fate that's my message to you hope
do you appreciate it
if you found this informative please
give me a thumbs up and last but not
least if you found this video
informative I know you will find my
books the money GPS and when you release
global economic collapse even more
informative in my first book I actually
talked about Weimar Germany in Zimbabwe
in there and in my latest book I talked
about those issues as well but I get
into other topics such as becoming
self-sufficient solar panels and other
topics like that so you can check those
out at Amazon links are in the
description below
take care